TODO list about my diploma

Introduction should be 2 pages long.
Add transfer sentences between sections and subsections 
Fix sensors
Choose kalman filter



Choice of Kalman Filter
When using Kalman filtering it is normally quite simple to choose between e.g. a normal
linear, extended or unscented Kalman filter. It might not be quite as intuitive when
it could be advantageous to do the extra work to derive an error model in order to
implement the indirect Kalman filter. Two guidelines can be used to when the IKF
should be considered.
If the system has high dynamics and one is trying to estimate the states, then the
Kalman filter cycle has to be very fast. This sets demands to the processor in order to
do the Kalman calculations before the next Kalman cycle. This might pose a problem
when a system should be implemented on a microprocessor. It might not be possible
to do all the calculations within each Kalman cycle. Secondly, if the system is also
non-linear then a non-linear Kalman filter should be chosen. This leads to even more
complicated calculation which sets even higher demands to the processor chosen.
As mentioned earlier the use of indirect Kalman filtering requires the system model to
be an error model. This error model can be approximated to be linear and in INS,
normally has much lower dynamics than the real system. For these reasons a normal
linear Kalman filter can be used with a much lower Kalman cycle setting much lower
demands to the processor.
The reasons for choosing the IKF for this project is that the model of the INS has
very high dynamics. In order to describe the motion with high precision, the model
should be run at more than 2kHz and furthermore the is model non-linear. Choosing
a standard direct Kalman filter approach requires the use of an extended Kalman filter
which should be run at 2kHz. This might pose a problem when implementing on a
microprocessor. Using the indirect Kalman filter, it is only necessary to run when new
data is available from the aiding device (1 Hz for typital GPS receivers). For this reason,
the indirect Kalman filter is chosen.

